docs: add allow_create_stream parameter documentation for NATS connector (#707)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: integrations/sources/nats-jetstream.mdx

    server_url = 'nats-server:4222',
    subject = 'live_stream_metrics',
    stream = 'risingwave',
    allow_create_stream = 'true',
    connect_mode = 'plain'
  ) FORMAT PLAIN ENCODE PROTOBUF (
    message = 'livestream.schema.LiveStreamMetrics',
    schema.location = 'http://file_server:8080/schema'
  );
```

<Note>
**Stream Creation Security**

Starting in v2.5, RisingWave does not create NATS streams automatically by default (`allow_create_stream = false`). This is a behavior change from previous versions that prevents accidental stream creation in production environments due to typos or misconfigurations. 

> To enable automatic stream creation, explicitly set `allow_create_stream = 'true'`. Only enable this in development environments or when you specifically want RisingWave to manage stream creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Stream creation security**
Starting in v2.5, RisingWave does not create NATS streams automatically by default (`allow_create_stream = false`). This prevents accidental stream creation in production environments due to typos or misconfigurations. 
To enable automatic stream creation, set `allow_create_stream = 'true'`. Only enable this in development environments or when you specifically want RisingWave to manage stream creation.
```
